Welcome to the project proposal for my (avantikn) 112 term project! 

Name and Description: Phasmophobia112

You're a player who just happened to get lost in a maze. How ever shall you get
out? All you know is that there is a key hidden in the maze somewhere. Find 
the key, and you find your way out. But it's not that easy. While you're trying 
to run, there is a super scary ghost tracking you! If you find clues about the 
ghost as you make your way around the maze, you get power ups that can help you
escape faster. But take too long and you'll meet your demise. Can you survive? 

FIND OUT NOW BY PLAYING PHASMO112! 

Analysis: 

This project is modeled off the game Phasmophobia, a multiplayer ghost hunting, 
audio game where you can talk to ghosts to find out what type they are. It also 
has pacman vibes because of the maze. My game is very similar in idea to Phasmo
because you have to find clues about the ghost, which is trying to kill you. 
My game is slightly different because rather than being a first-perosn 3-d game,
your player is in a maze and you're viewing him from above. Also my game is
single-player, and the audio won't be a main focus in mine. The maze is where the 
Pacman similarity shows up. It is different than Pacman since there is only 1 
ghost, and you're not trying to eat all the pellets or something, you're just 
trying to escape. 

Structural Plan: 
Currently, the plan is to have all the code (except 112 graphics) in 1 file, 
and another folder for images. If this get's really complicated, then I might
create a seperate file for helper functions which are currently being seperated 
by comment blocks

Algo Plan: 
There are a few main areas for algorithmic complexity
1. Ghost tracking - I am planning on using A Star (A *) pathfinding to help the
ghost track the player. After struggling with A* for a while, I realized through
experimenting that the ghost has to be able to go through diagonally because if 
i remove that option then the efficiency goes down SO MUCH that it's almost
an inifite loop :(

2. Maze generation - I am also using recursive backtracking to make a smart maze
Basically, I create a grid of blocks which have 4 sides to them. Then, I 
randomly go through the maze and remove a side (and that side's adjacent side).
I keep track of where I've been in a visitedBlocks list so that the maze doesn't
fully become wall-less. 

3. Audio - To analyze the audio, I will be using fast fourier transformations to 
recognize certain key noises that correspond to certain words. 

4. Textbox stuff - I will be using my own algo (in key pressed) to create a 
journal that can remember entries. Current it's done through lists and keeping 
track of the info in a tuple in the list. 

Timeline Plan:
By TP1, I want to have the ghost tracking algo, with a playable game of sorts. 
Between TP1 and TP2, I want to hit MVP so I have some time to try the audio part
without using a module. 

Version Control: 
Github! I have a repo for all my code and images!! The image for this will be
in this folder

Modules: 
cmu112graphics? 

StoryBoard: 
attached seperatly in the folder! 
